Remove unneeded learning-area refs from html materials (#45069)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/structuring_content/including_vector_graphics_in_html/index.md

- **Raster images** are defined using a grid of pixels — a raster image file contains information showing exactly where each pixel is to be placed, and exactly what color it should be. Popular web raster formats include Bitmap (`.bmp`), PNG (`.png`), JPEG (`.jpg`), and GIF (`.gif`).
- **Vector images** are defined using algorithms — a vector image file contains shape and path definitions that the computer can use to work out what the image should look like when rendered on the screen. The {{glossary("SVG")}} format allows us to create powerful vector graphics for use on the Web.

To give you an idea of the difference between the two, let's look at an example:

```html live-sample___raster-vector live-sample___raster-vector-zoomed
<img src="star.png" alt="A raster star" />
<img src="star.svg" role="img" alt="A vector star" />
```

> This shows two seemingly identical images side by side, of a red star with a black drop shadow. The difference is that the left one is a raster (PNG), and the right one is a vector (SVG) image. This renders like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This shows two seemingly identical red stars with black drop shadows, side by side. The difference is that the left one is a raster (PNG), and the right one is a vector (SVG) image.
```
